# 数据集是patientlikeme上爬取的数据
# 格式如下:
0 +++$+++ "Queenlea, Tell us again how you hurt your leg in the first place. I remember two on PLM that had hurt their legs. One was from falling and one from cellulitis. Forgive the spelling of the last one. Was it Nurse Judy?At any rate, YOUNG LADY, YOU ARE GROUNDED! I am saying that in my BIG MAMA voice, while I STAMP my little foot on the ground! You have up on it running around, cooking, baking, whatever.... NOW it is time for you to elevate that leg, and slow down on the smoking!I hope the pain lets up for you and that everyone on PLM has a low pain holiday!Sijai "
1 +++$+++ "Sijai, I took some trash out to the burn barrel, and when I lit it, it flared and scared me and in my attempt to get away, I fell over the deck.  I scraped my shin on the edging of the deck when I fell.I thought it was nothing initially, except I was sore from the fall.  The scrape bled badly, but I didn't think it was a big deal.About two weeks later the wound had grown some, but what concerned me is that it was swelling.  This was the same weekend that we were hit with 13" of snow.  It really has been a journey up until now.Today I had a lovely dinner with my cousins, exchanged gifts and am now home fighting to stay awake.  If I go to bed now, I'd wake up at midnight wide awake.  I wasn't lonely - I heard from the boys and they were having a great day.  All's well that ends well.I hope y'all had a nice day?  Spill."
0 +++$+++ "Sleepless, if it's that painful, then I don't have cellulitis.  But the swelling is really worrying me - and it's making my ankles and knees hurt.  And the skin on my feet is tight and pulls when I walk.  The burn situation sounds exactly like what happened to my leg - except it was just a scrape.  Initially, it seemed to have a "scab", but it was black and I had some drainage.  I soaked off the scab, put on some antibiotic cream and then it just seemed to take on a life of it's own.  The debriding was no fun, but I was numbed before the scraping began. Thanks for the thumbs up on the smoking situation.  I'm going to give it my best shot! "
1 +++$+++ "Queenie, can you send us that picture of your wound?Caring about you, my friend, Sijai"
1 +++$+++ "I'm taking oral ABX.  The medihoney is for the wound. "
2 +++$+++ "Hope you have a wound center appt. coming up. emoticon smileAnd hope you feel better. Sounds like you have some bug, and that requires lots of rest and sleep to get us over it.Happy New Year to all too!"
# 其中的0,1,2分别代表消极，积极，中性
# 注意所有的标签都是自己手动判断的, 比较的繁琐, 可以使用阿里云的情感分析, 每天最多支持免费50w条数据。
